SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 21 (#11353)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/advanced/how-to-draw-with-opaque-and-semitransparent-brushes.md

  
## Example  
 The following example draws a bitmap and then fills three ellipses that overlap the bitmap. The first ellipse uses an alpha component of 255, so it is opaque. The second and third ellipses use an alpha component of 128, so they are semitransparent; you can see the background image through the ellipses. The call that sets the <xref:System.Drawing.Graphics.CompositingQuality%2A> property causes the blending for the third ellipse to be done in conjunction with gamma correction.  

>  The following illustration shows the output of the following code: 

Reviewer: same here. can you move this to after the code?

>  ![Illustration that shows opaque and semitransparent output.](./media/how-to-draw-with-opaque-and-semitransparent-brushes/comp-qual-ellipse-semitransparent.png)  

Reviewer: maybe use the full name of the property?

```suggestion
 ![Illustration that shows opaque and semitransparent output.](./media/how-to-draw-with-opaque-and-semitransparent-brushes/compositingquality-ellipse-semitransparent.png)  
```
